GIT- Is a free and open-source version control system used to handle small to very large projects efficiently. Git is used to track changes in the source code, enabling multiple developers to work together. It is light weight, fast and easy to use. Git is distributed and convinient management tool for development team in helping them release products on time with less stress. Git keeps track of every modification to the code in a special kind of database. If a mistake is made, developers can turn back the clock and compare earlier versions of the code to help fix the mistake while minimizing disruption to all team members.
VERSION CONTROL- Also called 'source control', tracks and manages changes whenever we write new codes or take further actions while writing our codes.It helps development team to work faster and smarter. Version control systems are software tools that help software teams manage changes to source code over time. 
PROCESS OF COMMITTING A PROJECT TO GITHUB REPOSITORY- Create a new GitHub repository for the existing project. Go back to your VScode, click the terminal button and Perform a 'git init' command in the root folder of the existing project to initialize git. Perform a 'git add .' command to add all files in your local respository then commit using 'git commit -m "commit message"'. Add the GitHub repository as a remote reference for the existing project using the 'git remote add origin "your GitHub repository"' command then finally push from your local repository to your romote repository using 'git push -u origin main' command.